well Novak first match here in this
tournament first tour match of the year
foyer I know you came down for the
Hopman Cup but you sure look like you're
in midseason form how do you feel about
your match tonight well I definitely
ended the 2010 season in a great style
winning a davis cup for the first time
for our country was a historical win and
really well and gave me a lot of
confidence for you know start of 2011
and he was playing really winning Perth
had a very short offseason but you know
I managed to continue playing well and
of course you know just coming back to
this court brings back the best memories
that I hey it's the only grand slam I
want so it's great to be here playing
well only grand slam so far I think got
a few and yet well first of all no kinky
congratulations on the Davis Cup what uh
what was that like I know it was a big
moment for your country what was it like
for you personally yeah well it meant it
meant a lot for the whole nation it was
a definitely historical win and maybe a
chance of the lifetime to win a davis
cup title at home you know God knows if
we're gonna have another change so we we
really wanted to use it it was we were
12 down in in the last day it was
fantastic crowd support the whole nation
was behind us in the celebrations out
the dead i'll keep it for myself yeah
well there was one celebration that we
shared we didn't get to go with you for
the two days to do celebrate it but on
the court after the match everyone
shaved their head but it seems like your
hair grows back faster than normal is
that right it's almost like you know
what a chia pet is hey it's a special
water that I drink yeah no I mean it
grew grew really fast then you know the
other guys aren't dead lucky and tip
sorry which usually has a very long hair
so I feel sorry for him but you know he
looks good as well the worst one is
image probably you know he really looks
bad with that short hair but you know
it's just an honest answer here it's all
boy you're an honest guy and you're
honestly through to the second round
quick match night a very good match
Novak Djokovic ladies and gentlemen
your way to know I've sought thee we
gotta check in to see how you later
docket of Australia with her match with
zuzana on risk / of the Czech Republic
will also see this fan of the ladder in
rally Fur Elise is one of the real
characters on to a novak djokovic safety
through to the second round here of the
Australian Open
you